[15.0][ADD] stock_picking_auto_print: New module (#347)
OCA/stock-logistics-reporting: stock_picking_auto_print/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module allows to auto print delivery slip after validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a backport of the Odoo 17 functionality that allows to auto print delivery slip after validation
```
